docs(graphql): added warning (#1837)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/graphql/quick-start.md

As mentioned, these options will be forwarded to the `ApolloServer` constructor.

> > warning **Warning** If you use `apollo-server-fastify` package, enable in the `GraphQLModule` configuration the `disableHealthCheck` setting to `true`.

Reviewer: This happens only if you have multiple GraphQL endpoints in a single app.

Author: Ok 👍, I made the fix

> 

Reviewer: If this suggestion applies only to the case when a developer has multiple endpoints, "Getting started with GraphQL & TypeScript" is not the right place for this hint

Author: I agree, I had put it there as there is the example of the `GraphQLModule` configuration but it is not very sure it was really good. 

If we move it to the section dedicated to `Multiple endpoints`?

Reviewer: Sounds good

Author: Ok, moved it in `Multiple endpoints`

}),
```

> > warning **Warning** If you use the `apollo-server-fastify` package with multiple GraphQL endpoints in a single application, enable the `disableHealthCheck` setting to` true` in the configuration` GraphQLModule`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> warning **Warning** If you use the `apollo-server-fastify` package with multiple GraphQL endpoints in a single application, make sure to enable the `disableHealthCheck` setting in the `GraphQLModule` configuration.
```
